hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee so a few days ago i pre-ordered the
model 3 from Tesla and it was a pretty
easy decision for me I had always been
interested in the vehicle and when I saw
how it looked it was just a no-brainer
I just pre-ordered it but there are some
things that I think people should be
aware of if they're considering this car
so the first is pricing it's going to
come in at $35,000 us before tax
incentives and Elon has mentioned that
the average selling price will be closer
to 42,000 because of options that people
will choose so if you want stuff like
the matte paint option or that glass
roof that they're showing off instead of
a plain metal roof it's going to cost
extra
I also noticed that the door handles
don't automatically slide out like the
ones on the Model S so one of the demo
cars had those handles but that's
unlikely to go to production the actual
handles you'll need to press them to
mechanically pop the lever out and on
the inside it's a button to open the
door another thing the hardware for
autopilot is standard so all the sensors
and stuff are included and safety
features like automatic braking to avoid
objects those are standard but
convenience features like self parking
or automatic lane changing all of those
are extra they kind of made it seem like
autopilot came standard on the model 3
but it doesn't the other thing is size
so this is not a big car it's around 20%
smaller than the Model S and when you
compare photos and do some rough scaling
I think it'll be around 15 inches
shorter and a few inches lower and
narrower than the Model S similar in
size to a Mazda 3 actually which is a
pretty small car but because of how they
shifted things around in the cabin and
the way the roof panel works it's quite
roomy in there the trunk opens like a
regular trunk it's not a hatchback like
the Model S presumably because of the
glass panel roof like to make it a
hatchback the hinge would have had to be
at the top of the glass panel and that's
just a bad idea the front trunk is a
little smaller not as small as this one
but it's definitely smaller than the
current Model S and there's also no +2
seating in the back so the Model S
wasn't a massive car or anything but the
model 3 is definitely a more standard
size the third thing is charging so just
as a reminder you need to have a power
socket nearby to make this car feasible
Elon mentioned that by the end
next year they'll double the number of
superchargers and then quadruple the
number of destination charges which is
cool so superchargers are those stations
that let you charge up really quickly so
charging a Model S battery to half takes
about 20 minutes now currently there are
free to use if you have a Model S and
you see one of these you can just plug
it up and you're good to go but for the
Model 3
they'll have supercharger capability
built-in but whether or not it's free to
fill up is something that they'll figure
out over time Tesla cars have crazy
amounts of torque and they also will
handle really well because they don't
have a super-heavy engine in the front
of the car with a Model 3 the base
configuration will do 0 to 60 in six
seconds or less it's not as fast as the
Model S but it's faster than most luxury
cars you see on the road right now so
it's faster than the Audi a4 the lexus
is 300 the mercedes c300 the BMW 328 and
it's even faster than this guy so the
base model is a rear-wheel drive it'll
have a range of 215 EK miles and it also
comes in an all-wheel-drive dual motor
option for less than $5,000 so that's
cheaper or potentially cheaper than the
Model S all-wheel drive option if you've
been in a Model S you've seen that
massive 17 inch screen that fits in the
center consoles on the model 3 it's a
smaller screen at 15 inches but it's in
a more prominent horizontal position so
this positioning is final it's going to
be a landscape screen with the Model S
screen there were controls are a little
tough to reach on the center console
like you'd have to lean forward to hit
it on the model 3 the screen sits closer
to the driver so it's a little bit
easier to see and access there's also no
instrument panel so the second screen on
the Model S with the speedometer and
stuff is gone and the info is now
displayed on that 15 inch screen you end
up with a super clean and minimal -
without that hump it's a little
untraditional I think that some people
will find it weird but Elon mentioned
that they're still tweaking the steering
controls in fact they're still tweaking
a bunch of stuff like the door handle
shape the front nose cone even
everything is kind of in the works but I
really like the car I love what the car
represents so yeah I actually made this
video and delayed a laptop video just to
share my thoughts on this with you guys
hope you guys enjoyed it thumbs have you
liked it
subs if you loved it and if any of you
guys are getting a model 3 yourselves
I'd love to
about it below it's been nice see you
guys next time